[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman the paper boy
evening TV ♪
♪ How did I get
delivered here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me
please ♪
♪ This whole world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're
lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Doobie doo
bah bah dah ♪♪
Sammy, do you realize that you
and I have been going out
a month, and this is the first
time we've been alone together?
I know. With me living
at my folks' house..
Yeah, me living
at Pee-Wee's playhouse.
Yeah, sure hope we didn't
ruin your weekend, Jess.
Oh, no,
why would you think that?
Just because I've been
waiting a month to be with Sam.
I used to be this free-wheeling
living on the edge..
...no strings
kinda guy and now..
Now, it seems like
I'm-I'm married or something.
I don't know what the hell's
happened to my life, pal
but I gotta regain
control of it.
"I don't think it's working out
for me here.
"I'll call soon."
Jesse ran away
from home?
[instrumental music]
Jesse ran away
from home?
I'm hungry.
Where's Uncle Jesse?
Uh, girls, if you'll
excuse us for a brief moment.
Um, I have to talk to Joey
privately about..
About this note, that, uh,
I wrote myself
reminding me to talk
to Joey privately.
About this note
that I wrote.
What are we going
to say to the girls?
Joey..
...this is
a delicate situation.
It's a father
kind of moment.
You better let me
handle it.
What do you want me to do?
Just play dumb.
How do I do that?
Perfect.
Oh, hi.
You're back.
Did Uncle Jesse
go somewhere?
Girls, your father
has something to say.
Your Uncle Jesse
has gone on a little..
...vacation.
Where?
You saw him last.
Tell them, Joey.
Okay...father.
Uh, girls..
...your Uncle Jesse
went on vacation..
...to the desert.
'And why, you ask?'
Um, because he loves
the-the hot sand.
And he loves
the burning sun.
Bottom line,
your Uncle Jesse loves to sweat.
I thought he loved
going to the beach.
Well..
...the desert
is all beach.
Okay. Here we go.
Your favorite strawberry yogurt
banana pancakes
just like your
Uncle Jesse makes.
These aren't just like
His aren't soupy
in the middle.
Mine aren't soupy.
Here, Michelle.
You'll appreciate
my cooking.
That a girl.
Go, ahead,
taste it, honey.
Everybody's a critic.
[telephone rings]
I got it.
Gladstone's International
House of Flapjacks.
Gladstone speaking.
- Jesse! Hey, how's it going?
- Uncle Jesse!
- I want to talk to him.
- Wait let me talk.
- Hi, Jesse. It's D.J.
- Hey, I want to talk to him.
- Give it, let me talk to him.
- I want to talk to him!
I'll talk to anyone you want.
- Just make a decision.
- Come on, please?
How the heck is
the desert, Jess?
What desert?
I'm skiing in Tahoe.
Look, I'm hanging out
with my buddies and, uh
I don't know
when I'm coming back.
So, in case of an emergency
I want to give you the number
it's, uh, "5-5-5
"4-3-2-2."
I got to tell Uncle Jesse
something.
something!
Okay, here.
Oh, no. I forgot what
I was going to tell him.
Oh, I remember.
Silly me.
Hi, Uncle Jesse.
While you're on vacation
can I sleep in your room?
Which was my room
before it was your room?
Thanks, Uncle Jesse.
Everybody say bye.
(all)
Bye.
Bye-bye. Goodbye.
Say bye-bye, Michelle.
♪ I-I-I'm just
a love machine ♪
♪ And I won't work
for nobody but you ♪
Baby!
♪ I'm just a love machine ♪
♪ Yeah baby ♪
♪ A hug and kissin' thing ♪
Here we go!
♪ I-I-I'm just
a love machine ♪
♪ And I won't work
for nobody but you ♪
♪ Wa-ooh child ♪
♪ I'm just a love machine ♪
♪ A hug and kissin' thing ♪♪
Ha ha ha!
- Whoo!
- Awoo!
What do you say?
Let's drink a toast
to the return
of our man Jesse.
Thank you,
thank you, thank you.
And...a toast to my escape
from romper room.
No, no. To you
paying for the cabin.
Listen up. Fellas,
this is only the beginning.
Man, when I
get back to town
I'm going to get
my own place
and start living life
the way I was born to live.
- Yeah!
- Alright.
Fellas,
let's hit the slopes!
- Awoo!
- He we go!
We're going skiing.
Yeah! Alright.
I'll just put on
my ski pants here.
Yeah, my little ski pants.
Lookin' good.
Whoop! Okay.
Yes, it's winter wonderland
time, folks.
Winter wonderland.
I am psyched!
Just put on my scarf,
'cause it's about
eight degrees outside.
And of course, jacket.
Always remember
it's better to look good
than to ski good.
Put on the gloves
the water-proof gloves.
And, of course, the cap
which is very important.
We get the goggles on.
Hey, man. Alright!
Fanny pack. You mustn't forget
the old fanny pack.
Gotta keep the fanny warm.
And the skis..
...and the poles..
...and..
[panting]
God, I'm tired.
Will someone just
break my leg now
and stick me
in front of the fire?
Dad, I always get my
guitar lesson from Uncle Jesse.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
Honey, this is gonna
be a lot of fun.
I'm going to teach you
a great song. Come here.
Okay, now, you watch
what I do real carefully
and then you do it.
♪ Froggie went a-courtin'
and he did ride uh-huh ♪
♪ Well froggie went a-- ♪
Dad! Dad, stop.
Here's where I am.
Maybe froggie's not quite ready
to go a-courtin' yet.
Let's work on that "D" chord.
Come on.
Sit right down here.
Now take these two fingers and
put them on the second fret.
No, the second fret.
- No, the second--
- Dad.
You're making me nervous.
How can I make you nervous?
I'm your father.
Because whenever you try
to teach me things, we argue.
- No, we don't.
- Yes, we do.
No, we don't.
- No, we don't!
What am I doing?
You're arguing
with me.
I'm not arguing
with you.
You're arguing
with me.
Now, we're here
to have fun.
Well, I'm not having fun.
I'd have fun
if Uncle Jesse was here.
That's what this
is all about, isn't it?
All of Uncle Jesse's
clothes are gone.
Is Uncle Jesse thinking
about moving out?
The truth?
Yes.
I hate this.
When mom died,
I never thought
I'd like living
in this house again.
Then Uncle Jesse
and Joey moved in
and things got better.
I don't want anything
to change.
Aw, honey.
I want him to stay
as much as you do.
Then why don't you
get him back?
Because he's an adult.
You can't just go
pick him up and
put him under your arm
and bring him back home.
Right now he's struggling
with some things.
When..
...and if
the time is right..
...he'll be back.
Okay?
Well, it's not okay.
But okay.
Come on.
Let's finish the guitar lesson.
What else
did Uncle Jesse do?
Well, he usually teaches me
an Elvis song.
I know a great one.
♪ Are you lonesome tonight ♪
♪ Do you miss me tonight ♪
♪ Are you sorry
we drifted apart ♪
♪ Is your heart
full of pain ♪
♪ Did he come
back again ♪♪
Thanks for helping me
move in, Michelle.
Why don't you just put that
stuff right over there?
'Thank you.'
You know, Michelle,
I grew up in this room.
Boy, this place
brings back memories.
Here, Steph, you forgot
the rest of your zoo.
Thanks, D.J.,
Isn't it neat
we each have our own room
for a couple of days?
Might be more than
a couple of days.
What are you
talking about?
Oh, nothing.
What is going on?
Uh, Steph..
Who do you think's
a better singer?
Alvin or Theodore?
Are you serious?
Everybody knows
without Alvin
they're just
a bunch of squirrels
dressed like Don Johnson.
You're right.
See you.
Freeze.
What is going on?
Alright, Steph.
Sit down.
You should hear this, too,
Michelle.
Uncle Jesse didn't
just go on a vacation.
He's thinking
about moving out.
Can't daddy
get him back?
Dad said there's
nothing he can do.
Then we got
to do something.
You're right, Steph.
What if Uncle Jesse
never comes back?
Daddy.
Okay. Here's the plan.
- I'll call Uncle Jesse.
- Check.
Then I'll tell him
Michelle's really sick.
And he'll come rushing back.
Then what?
Well, then you throw
your arms around him
and beg him to stay while
I let the air out of his tires.
Wow!
Uh, I need to speak
to Jesse Cochran.
This is his niece
D.J. Tanner.
Jesse's still out skiing.
Uh, could you hold
the line for one brief moment?
He's not there.
What are we gonna do we do?
I don't know!
Let me think.
Okay! I got it!
This is Stephanie Tanner,
Uncle Jesse's other niece.
Now listen very carefully.
Help!
Tell Uncle Jesse the baby's sick
and she's coughing real bad.
Here, listen.
- Cough! Cough!
- Cough!
[coughing]
Ahh.
See?
The baby's coughing really loud.
Now Uncle Jesse's the only one
who can get her to take her
cough medicine.
Promise me you'll tell him.
Thanks.
I lied.
I hate to lie.
But it was for
a good cause.
I guess.
But if you could cough
a few times
I'd feel a lot better about
this whole
dirty business.
[cough]
Thank you.
♪ Got the ski bunny
blues child ♪
♪ Mmm I love them ♪
♪ Got the ski bunny.. ♪♪
Hi, guys.
Hey, Samantha.
Wow.
[panting]
God, this sport really is
a pain in the butt.
Hey, your family just called.
The baby's sick.
Michelle's sick?
What does she have?
Cough, I think.
Oh.
Well, Joey and Danny
are there.
The pediatrician.
I'm sure
she'll be fine.
Hey, come on, Jess, let's do
a lil "Boys Are Back In Town."
Alright,
"Boy's Are Back In Town."
She'll be okay.
Here we go.
One , two, three, four!
♪ The boys are back
in town ♪
♪ Boys are back
- 'Ha ha ha!'
- 'Yeah!'
♪ The boys are back
in town ♪
♪ Guess who just
got back today.. ♪♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
♪ Baby love ♪
♪ My baby love ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ Oh how I need you ♪
♪ But all you do is
treat me bad ♪
♪ Break my heart
and leave me sad ♪
♪ Tell me
what did I do wrong ♪
♪ To make you stay away
so long ♪
♪ 'Cause baby love ♪
♪ My baby love ♪
♪ Been missin' you ♪
♪ Miss kissin' you ♪
♪ Instead of breaking up ♪
♪ Let's do some
kissin' and making up ♪
♪ Don't throw
our love away ♪
♪ In my arms
why don't you stay ♪
♪ Need you ♪
♪ Baby love ooh ooh ♪
♪ Baby love ♪
[instrumental music]
♪ My baby love ♪
♪ Why must we separate
my love ♪
♪ All of my whole life
through ♪
♪ I never loved no one
but you ♪
♪ why you do me
like you do ♪
♪ I get this need ♪
♪ Baby baby baby ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Need you bad ♪
♪ Need to hold you ♪
♪ Once again my love ♪
♪ Feel your warm embrace ♪
♪ My love
Don't throw.. ♪♪
♪ The boys are back.. ♪♪
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hold it down a second.
I got to call home.
Jesse, what's wrong?
The kid is sick.
I'm her uncle.
She looks exactly like me.
Damn, it's busy.
I'm sorry guys, but see,
I'm the only one
who can give her
her cough medicine.
And-and I'm the best
at singing her to sleep.
Sorry, fellas.
I got to split.
- Oh.
- Come on.
Michelle needs me.
Oh, I'm sorry, honey.
But you knew
when we got involved
there were
other women in my life.
- Hey...yes!
- Okay.
Okay.
Here's the shot.
I'm gonna jump over the couch
spin around three times
drive to the hoop
double pump twice
finishing off
with a reverse tomahawk
monster jam.
Is this before or after
you spin straw into gold?
Oh, yeah?
Watch this!
Yeah, I'd like to see
Michael Jordan
sink a shot like that
with a couch on the court.
How is she?
- Jesse!
- Hey, buddy.
Where's Michelle?
Do I need to give her
her cough medicine?
What are you
talking about?
What do you mean
what am I talking about?
Somebody called and said
Michelle was very very sick.
Michelle's fine.
She's fine?
[sighs]
Thank God.
What do you mean,
she's fine?
Do you realize
I've been driving for four hours
from lake Tahoe on my motorcycle
in the freezing cold
behind a cattle truck?
Well, I've got to tell you,
you made excellent time.
Alright.
Which one of you called?
Must have been the girls.
I think you really shook 'em up
the way you took off
like you did.
No, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean that.
But it was something
I had to do.
Jesse, hang on.
Talk to us.
Yeah, maybe we can help you.
Look, guys...ever since
I've been out of high school
I've done what I wanted,
whenever I wanted
with whoever I wanted.
I've had no one to answer to
nobody to worry about
but myself, me.
So I took off
to find that guy.
And you know what?
I found him.
I was having a great time,
hanging with my buddies
playing music.
Then I get this call.
Michelle is sick.
Bam! Just like that.
I come running back right into
Mr. Rogers' neighborhood.
I'm sorry, guys.
I don't think it's
where I want to be.
Jesse, wait!
You're going
about this all wrong.
I mean, maybe, when you moved in
here you lost something.
- Look how much you've gained.
- What, Joseph?
What have I gained?
I'll give you
a perfect example.
Why do you think
you came rushing back here
to check on a cough?
Because I care
about Michelle.
But I cared about Michelle
before I moved into this house.
Yeah, but before you moved
into this house
the girls were
just your nieces.
You stopped by
four times a year to give them
birthday and Christmas presents.
(Danny)
'It's not like that
anymore, is it?'
You have any idea how important
you are to those three girls?
Jesse, you have been
there every time
those girls
have needed you.
Can you honestly tell me
that you can just forget
about the past seven months?
Just walk out
of this house and..
...go back to visits
on birthdays and Christmas?
They do love me,
don't they?
They really love me,
Ha ha ha.
Well, fellas,
can you blame them?
Feels pretty good,
doesn't it?
I'm going to tell
you guys something..
...but you better not
tell any of my friends
I said this.
I think I'm realizing that..
...being part
of this family is..
...filling a...empty..
...an empty space
in my heart..
...that I didn't even know
was there.
Jesse, we can make this
easier for you.
You can take time
for yourself
whenever you need it.
Yeah, don't wait till
it builds up inside
then you gotta run away
from home again.
If you need to take off
for a few days, fine.
We'll cover for you.
Yeah,
we'll-we'll make this work.
Will you stay out
of my room?
I'll try.
So, Lassie's
coming home?
Yeah, yeah,
Lassie's coming home.
I got to hug somebody.
Me, too.
Go nuts.
Hey, watch it.
Sorry, kid.
Uncle Jesse!
You're back, you're back.
You're back!
D.J., get in here, quick!
Uncle Jesse's back!
Our plan worked!
Uncle Jesse!
You're back!
Hey!
Well, I was
in the neighborhood, you know..
Are you here to stay?
Or pick up your stuff
and leave again?
Come here, girls. Sit down.
Come here, D.J.
I came back because
I was worried about Michelle..
...and because
I missed you two guys.
And no,
I'm not going anywhere.
Does this mean you'll
never leave again?
I can't promise you
I'm gonna live here forever.
But what I can promise is..
...I'm always going to be
your uncle.
And I'm always going to be there
when you two need me.
And I'm always gonna love
you two knuckleheads
very, very much.
Cross your heart
and hope to die?
Pinkie swear!
Oh! He does mean business!
You're up.
Here.
I drove four hours
in the freezing cold
on my motorcycle
behind a cattle truck
to give you this.
Here you go.
'Not impressed, are you?'
Michelle, can I talk
to you a second?
You know,
when I first came here
I thought I was just gonna
move in for a few months
you know
just to help out and then..
...get on
with my life, but..
...you know what?
This is my life.
This is where
I'm supposed to be right now.
Come here.
Do you realize, young lady,
what you put me through tonight?
I was with the most
incredible woman in the world.
Over two years old,
that is. Sorry.
Anyway..
...from the moment
I heard you were sick..
...all I could do
was think of this face.
What is it
about this face, huh?
[giggles]
Good answer.
Goodnight, kid.
'Da.'
Can I get a kiss?
You know something,
you little munchkin?
I love you.
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪♪
[theme music]